Welcome to Hunt the Wumpus!

You are a hunter, looking to bag a Wumpus.

The Wumpus lives in a cave of twenty rooms.  Topologically,
they are connected like the vertices of a dodecahedron,
a twelve-sided solid with pentagonal faces, twenty vertices,
and thirty edges, each vertex connected by three edges to
its neighbors.  Hence, each room in the cave is connected by
tunnels to three other rooms.

There are HAZARDS!!

The Wumpus - One room has the Wumpus in it.

Bottomless Pits - Two rooms have bottomless pits in them.
If you go there, you fall into the pit and lose.

Giant Bats - Two other rooms have giant bats in them.
If you go there, a bat grabs you and takes you to another
room, at random.  This might be troublesome!

As you are hunting, you will be able to sense something of
the hazards, when you are in a room adjacent to one.
- You can smell the Wumpus, if it is nearby.
- You can feel a breeze when there is a pit nearby
- You can hear a rustling sound when there are bats nearby.

The Wumpus is not bothered by the hazards.  He has sucker
feet, so can cling to the walls of a pit, and is too heavy
for the super bats to lift.  Usually, he is asleep.

Two things wake up the Wumpus: you entering his room, or
you shooting an arrow (anywhere in the cave!).  When he
wakes, he moves into an adjacent room (P=0.75) or stays
where he is (P=0.25).  After that, if he is where you are
he eats you and you lose.

The computer starts you and the Wumpus in separate, randomly
chosen rooms. The bottomless pits and the giant bats are
also in separate, randomly chosen rooms. Each turn, you can
move to an adjacent room or shoot an arrow.

You are furnished with 5 crooked arrows, which you can program
to go into 1 to 5 rooms.  Starting from the room you are in,
the arrow will go from room to room provided there is a tunnel
from where it is to the next room on its list.  If there is no
tunnel, the arrow bounces on the walls of the cave and moves
into an adjacent room at random, possibly the one you are in.
The crooked arrows can reach any room in the cave in 5 hops,
including the one you are in.

The arrow enters a room through the tunnel from the last
room it was in.  The arrow is crooked enough to exit through
either of the other two tunnels out of the room, but not so
crooked that it can turn around and go out the tunnel it came in.
You cannot program it to do that, but you can program it to stay
in the same room, in which case it will bounce on the walls and
move into an adjacent room at random, possibly the one that
it came from, which might be the one you are in.

If the arrow hits the Wumpus, you win.
If the arrow hits you, you lose.
If you run out of arrows, you lose.
If you fall in a pit, you lose.
If the Wumpus eats you, you lose.

When the game is over, you can start a new game.
You can choose to start over with the same configuration
as the game you just finished, that is: with you, the Wumpus,
the pits, and the bats where they started in the game you
just finished; or you can start fresh, with everything in
new places (well, probably).  In any case, you get a fresh
supply of five arrows.

Good luck!
